doc: link threadsafe function from JS function (#666)
nodejs/node-addon-api: doc/function.md

The `Napi::Function` class inherits its behavior from the `Napi::Object` class (for more info
see: [`Napi::Object`](object.md)).

> > For callbacks, that will be called with an asynchronous events from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For callbacks that will be called with an asynchronous event from a
```

> > non-JavaScript thread, please refer to [`Napi::ThreadSafeFunction`] for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> non-JavaScript thread, please refer to [`Napi::ThreadSafeFunction`][] for more
```
